this is the aftermath of an Israeli air
raid in Gaza City the injuries are too
brutal to show eyewitnesses say a
heavily populated area was hit as
Palestinians gathered to use an internet
access point this happened not long
after Israeli bulldozers smashed through
the zetune neighborhood to make a new
road for
tanks as their tanks withdrew families
returned only to be faced with more
death and destru
we were Sheltering in the schools which
they shelled and burned dead bodies were
strewn on the streets we are
suffering they burned our houses and
shelled them we came to the schools and
then came here to see the
damage death is so common here that
people walk past a covered body along a
street barely demarcated by the Broken
buildings on either side
people are gathering whatever food and
materials they can to
survive the same stories of struggle and
survival Street after
Street here the Jade family had fled
Israeli bombardment in the jabalia
refugee camp further north to seek
shelter amid the ruins of Gaza
City here we are thrown on the streets
they destroyed our houses my four older
children died our homes were destroyed
they shook us and they threw us on the
streets some children are trying to stay
positive in the
darkness and in the sa neighborhood
nearby more Devastation after an Israeli
air strike on a un
Clinic Samir Shaban awoke to life
shattering
news I woke up in the morning and heard
people talking about an airri on the
clinic and F16 dropped a missile on it
at 3 I came and saw my mother in pieces
and my father next to her so I took
their bodies and buried
them areas of Refuge have become targets
and Battlegrounds and already vulnerable
Palestinians are left with little
protection Laura Khan Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz